OKTA-850793 lowercasing objects (#5285)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/reference/user-query/index.md

- [find parameter](#find-users): Returns one or more users matched against the user profile properties of `firstName`, `lastName`, or `email`
- [list-all-users](#list-all-users): Returns all users that don't have a `DEPROVISIONED` status

> **Note:** Okta recommends using the `search` parameter when querying for users.

For details on user operations, see the [Users API](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/User/) reference.

## Search users

The search query parameter (`search`) returns one or more users matched against a search expression and user object properties, including:

- Any user profile property, including custom-defined properties
- The top-level body properties `id`, `status`, `created`, `activated`, `statusChanged`, and `lastUpdated`
- The user type accessed from `type.id`
- Properties that have array values

This query parameter provides the largest range of search options and optimal performance. The `search` parameter requires URL encoding for applicable search expressions, supports pagination, and accepts sorting parameters.

> The search query parameter uses standard Okta API filtering semantics to create search criteria. This criteria includes mathematical operators such as equal to (`eq`), greater than or equal to (`ge`), and so on. You can combine multiple expressions using logical operators and parentheses. The `ne` (not equal) operator isn't supported, but you can obtain the same result by using `lt ... or ... gt`. For example, to see all users except those that have a status of `STAGED`, use `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users?search=status+lt+%22STAGED%22+or+status+gt+%22STAGED%22`. See [Filtering](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#filter).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The search query parameter uses standard Okta API filtering semantics to create search criteria. This criteria includes mathematical operators such as equal to (`eq`), greater than or equal to (`ge`), and so on. You can combine multiple expressions using logical operators and parentheses. Okta doesn't support the `ne` (not equal) operator, but you can obtain the same result by using `lt ... or ... gt`. For example, to see all users except those that have a status of `STAGED`, use `https://${yourOktaDomain}/api/v1/users?search=status+lt+%22STAGED%22+or+status+gt+%22STAGED%22`. See [Filtering](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#filter).
```

### Limits and pagination

> You can include the parameters `limit` and `after` in search expressions to limit the return of user records and to access the [pagination](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#pagination) cursor location. By using the `after` parameter with the `limit` parameter, you can define the cursor location in the data set and manage the user records per page. The cursor is an opaque value that is obtained through the link header [`next` link relation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#link-header).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can include the parameters `limit` and `after` in search expressions to limit the return of user records and to access the [pagination](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#pagination) cursor location. By using the `after` parameter with the `limit` parameter, you can define the cursor location in the data set and manage the user records per page. The cursor is an opaque value that's obtained through the link header [`next` link relation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/#link-header).
```
